Add warning GTDB-TK results will be empty if no contigs pass completeness filter (#565)
nf-core/mag: CHANGELOG.md

### `Added`

- [#548](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/548) fixes to GTDBK-TK execusion, CAT/QUAST/DEPTH bin summary file name collisions, BUSCO database parsing, correct CAT name files (reported by @maxibor, @PPpissar, @muniheart, @llborcard, fix by @maxibor)

> - [#564](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/558) - Add warning of empty GTDB-TK results if no contigs pass completeness filter (fix by @jfy133 and @maxibor)

Reviewer: Should this be #565 and (https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/565)?

> - [#564](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/558) - Add warning of empty GTDB-TK results if no contigs pass completeness filter (fix by @jfy133 and @maxibor)

Author: ```suggestion
- [#565](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/565) - Add warning of empty GTDB-TK results if no contigs pass completeness filter (fix by @jfy133 and @maxibor)
```

Author: One day I'll guess right and update both numbers :sweat_smile:
